what's up YouTube everything Apple pro
here and Apple has just pushed out their
iOS 4.2.1 update for all iOS devices
including the iPhone 4 3GS 3G iPod Touch
4th 3rd and 2nd gen and the iPad now
it'll be labeled as 4.2 in iTunes and
the moment you plug in your advice
you'll be greeted with this screen now
what this video will tell you is what
what devices it's ok to update how and
pretty much all the all around what you
need to know about this new update all
right so ok so if you are on an iPhone
and you are waiting for an unlock or are
currently unlocked and if you're on 4.1
and waiting do not update as it will
update your baseband and you will not be
able to unlock for a long time so unless
you want to be looking at that no
service sign for a long time stay away
from this because there are no tools to
preserve your baseband yeah now when
unlock is available I will post it right
here that will allow you to unlock your
baseband for t-mobile also for all iPod
Touches right here on it is ok to update
as long as you have your sh-sh file
saved in Cydia to check your sh sh files
if it's stored or not when you open up
cydia you should see them line up right
here for all the firmwares you have
saved and if you don't know how to do
that if you're not ready to update to
4.2 because you don't have your sh sh
file saved i'll put a link for a video I
made right here that I'll show you how
to do that using tiny umbrella same goes
for iPads so if you have your sh sh file
saved go ahead and update and you want
to have your sh sh file saved in case
you want to downgrade maybe there is no
jailbreak for 4.2 or it's just not
performing how you wanted to you always
want to have that back up so you can
downgrade now for those of you that are
wondering what's new in iOS 4.2 what's
waiting for me is it really worth
updating I want to know what new
features that are I made a really great
in-depth video on iOS 4.2 that I'll post
a link right there and you will want to
go check that out it'll
answer all of your questions it's a
great view review overall the new
features of iOS 4.2 again this was a
quick video to keep you guys updated
really hope you liked it and that unlock
will follow very shortly maybe a couple
days I can't really give an exact
estimate but there will be a link up
here probably throughout the entire
video that'll take you to the unlock but
thanks a lot for watching I really hope
you liked this video guys glad you can
watch it please comment rate this video
and subscribe to my channel for more
great videos thanks a lot you guys